the Israeli military forces are pressing
on with their military offensive on the
ground here inside the Gaza Strip and
today it was very bloody as more than 50
Palestinians have been reported killed
in a string of military air strikes that
targeted the central part of the
territory alongside with the southern
areas in Rafa and in kanun in a very
ongoing military attacks on the urban
areas alongside that the gazans and
displaced civilians here are completely
Str strling from ACC and accused for
insecurity Amed more growing uh fears
regarding potential military incursion
for Rafa District that will definitely
excip the already aggravating
humanitarian crisis as International
Food Security Experts are completely
saying that the Gaza Strip is one of the
largest areas that are that is largely
affected of famine in due to its uh
Israeli ongoing plade and bombardment
and only fire is now record is required
in order to help people to mitigate
their aggravating humanitarian situation
tarab bazum Al jazer rafah in southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer